#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --resolver=backtracking pyproject.toml
#
alembic==1.8.1
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via passlib
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   click-params
    #   zenml (pyproject.toml)
click-params==0.3.0
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.8.0
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
docker==6.0.1
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.21.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.9.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.2
    # via rich
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.2.1
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
nbclassic==0.5.1
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.2
    # via pandas
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.3
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.0.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   sqlmodel
    #   zenml (pyproject.toml)
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   zenml (pyproject.toml)
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   zenml (pyproject.toml)
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
python-terraform==0.10.1
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   zenml (pyproject.toml)
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   docker
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich[jupyter]==12.6.0
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   validators
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   sqlmodel
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
sqlalchemy2-stubs==0.0.2a32
    # via sqlmodel
sqlmodel==0.0.8
    # via zenml (pyproject.toml)
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy2-stubs
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
validators==0.18.2
    # via click-params
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.12.1
    # via importlib-metadata
